[ViTPose] Convert more checkpoints (#35638)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/vitpose.md

image_pose_result = pose_results[0]  # results for first image
```

### ViTPose++ models

> The best checkpoints are those of the [ViTPose++ paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2212.04246). ViTPose++ models employ a so-called [Mixture-of-Experts (MoE)](https://huggingface.co/blog/moe) architecture for the ViT backbone, resulting in better performance. The ViTPose++ models require the `dataset_index` argument to be passed in the forward of the model, to indicate which experts to use for each example in the batch. Example usage is shown below:

Reviewer: Maybe more practical to link to the [collection](https://huggingface.co/collections/usyd-community/vitpose-677fcfd0a0b2b5c8f79c4335) of checkpoints instead of the paper?

> The best checkpoints are those of the [ViTPose++ paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2212.04246). ViTPose++ models employ a so-called [Mixture-of-Experts (MoE)](https://huggingface.co/blog/moe) architecture for the ViT backbone, resulting in better performance. The ViTPose++ models require the `dataset_index` argument to be passed in the forward of the model, to indicate which experts to use for each example in the batch. Example usage is shown below:

Reviewer: I think it makes more sense to describe the dataset indices first before showing the code.

```suggestion
The best checkpoints are those of the [ViTPose++ paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2212.04246). ViTPose++ models employ a so-called [Mixture-of-Experts (MoE)](https://huggingface.co/blog/moe) architecture for the ViT backbone, resulting in better performance.

The ViTPose+ checkpoints use 6 experts, hence 6 different dataset indices can be passed. 
An overview of the various dataset indices is provided below:

- 0: [COCO validation 2017](https://cocodataset.org/#overview) dataset, using an object detector that gets 56 AP on the "person" class
- 1: [AiC](https://github.com/fabbrimatteo/AiC-Dataset) dataset
- 2: [MPII](https://www.mpi-inf.mpg.de/departments/computer-vision-and-machine-learning/software-and-datasets/mpii-human-pose-dataset) dataset
- 3: [AP-10K](https://github.com/AlexTheBad/AP-10K) dataset
- 4: [APT-36K](https://github.com/pandorgan/APT-36K) dataset
- 5: [COCO-WholeBody](https://github.com/jin-s13/COCO-WholeBody) dataset

Pass the `dataset_index` argument in the forward of the model to indicate which experts to use for each example in the batch. Example usage is shown below:
```

```python
image_processor = AutoProcessor.from_pretrained("usyd-community/vitpose-plus-base")
model = VitPoseForPoseEstimation.from_pretrained("usyd-community/vitpose-plus-base", device=device)

inputs = image_processor(image, boxes=[person_boxes], return_tensors="pt").to(device)

dataset_index = torch.tensor([0], device=device) # must be a tensor of shape (batch_size,)

with torch.no_grad():
    outputs = model(**inputs, dataset_index=dataset_index)
```

The ViTPose+ checkpoints use 6 experts, hence 6 different dataset indices can be passed. 
An overview of the various dataset indices is provided below:

- 0: [COCO validation 2017](https://cocodataset.org/#overview) dataset, using an object detector that gets 56 AP on the "person" class
- 1: [AiC](https://github.com/fabbrimatteo/AiC-Dataset) dataset
- 2: [MPII](https://www.mpi-inf.mpg.de/departments/computer-vision-and-machine-learning/software-and-datasets/mpii-human-pose-dataset) dataset
- 3: [AP-10K](https://github.com/AlexTheBad/AP-10K) dataset
- 4: [APT-36K](https://github.com/pandorgan/APT-36K) dataset
- 5: [COCO-WholeBody](https://github.com/jin-s13/COCO-WholeBody) dataset

> ### Visualization for supervision user

Reviewer: Maybe combine the visualization sections together to keep the doc cleaner?
